{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf410
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww14500\viewh16600\viewkind0
\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\qj

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 iPhoto '08 Export Plugin SDK
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qj\pardirnatural
\cf0 August 7, 2007\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 This SDK package includes documentation and sample code on how to write iPhoto Export plugins supported by iPhoto '08.\
It explains the plugin making process by walking through the steps for making a simple file exporter plugin using iPhoto\'d5s Export Plugin API.   This sample plugin will allow users to set export image size, quality, and whether or not to embed metadata in the output image.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qj\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 The Export Plugin API consists of three protocols defined respectively in -\
\
	ExportPluginBoxProtocol.h\
	Defines methods that must be implemented by the plugin view.\
\
	ExportPluginProtocol.h\
	Defines methods to manage/control the plugin UI and perform the export.\
\
	ExportImageProtocol.h\
	Defines methods to help with the export operation.\
\
Please refer to the API documentation for more information on these protocols. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qj\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qj\pardirnatural

\f0\b \cf0 Sample Requirements
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qj\pardirnatural
\cf0 The supplied Xcode sample project was created using Xcode v2.4.1 running Mac OS X 10.4.9 or later. The project will create a Universal Binary.  The recommended system is a PowerPC G4, G5 or Intel, 512mb RAM - 1GB recommended running Mac OS X 10.4.9.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qj\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qj\pardirnatural

\f0\b \cf0 Changes from Previous Versions
\f1\b0 \
n/a\

\f0\b \
\
Feedback and Bug Reports
\f1\b0 \
Please send all feedback about this sample by connecting to the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://developer.apple.com/contact/feedback.html"}}{\fldrslt Contact ADC}} page.\
Please submit any bug reports about this sample to the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://developer.apple.com/bugreporter"}}{\fldrslt Bug Reporting}} page.\
\
\

\f0\b Developer Technical Support\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\qj

\f1\b0 \cf0 The Apple Developer Connection Developer Technical Support (DTS) team is made up of highly qualified engineers with development expertise in key Apple technologies. Whether you need direct one-on-one support troubleshooting issues, hands-on assistance to accelerate a project, or helpful guidance to the right documentation and sample code, Apple engineers are ready to help you.  Refer to the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://developer.apple.com/technicalsupport/"}}{\fldrslt Apple Developer Technical Support}} page.\
Copyright \'a9\'ca2007 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.}